Now that you've practice working with all of this new syntax,
let's get to the exciting part.
In the rest of this lesson,
you're going to learn more about object oriented programming and
then use those skills to build a Python package.
The package will contain code to analyze Gaussian distributions.
You can use the package to read in
a data set and calculate the mean and standard deviation.
You will also include code to plot a histogram of the data set,
as well as a probability density function of a Gaussian distribution.
Finally, this package will be able to add two Gaussian distributions together.
I'm going to start by giving you a tour of what
the code looks like and how the code works.
Then, you'll build up the code yourself.
At the end of the lesson,
you are going to extend the package to also handle binomial distributions.
The best part about this lesson is that you will have
an actual functioning Python Package that you can pip install using the terminal.
If you want, you can even upload the package to PyPI where
Python Packages are stored for the general public to download and install.
This lesson assumes that you're familiar with
Gaussian also known as normal distributions,
as well as binomial distributions.
I'll put some resources below if you feel like you need to review them.
With that, let's start looking at some code.